Update SPA Blazor WASM to .NET8 (#66)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet: spa-blazor-wasm/README.md

languages:
- csharp
page_type: sample
name: ASP.NET Core 8.0 Blazor WebAssembly that accesses Microsoft Graph
description: This ASP.NET Core 8.0 Blazor WebAssembly that signs in and contacts Microsoft Graph on behalf of the user. The code in this sample is used by one or more articles on docs.microsoft.com.
products:
- azure
- azure-active-directory
- ms-graph
urlFragment: ms-identity-docs-code-spa-blazor-wasm-csharp
---

# ASP.NET Core 8.0 Blazor WebAssembly | standalone  app | user sign-in, protected web API access (Microsoft Graph) | Microsoft identity platform

> The standalone app in this scenario has been created using the ASP.NET Core 8.0 Blazor WebAssembly template, and slightly modified allow sign-in with a Microsoft Entra ID account. The app uses the [Microsoft Authentication Library (Microsoft.Authentication.WebAssembly.Msal)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Authentication.WebAssembly.Msal). The package provides a set of primitives that help the app authenticate users and obtain tokens to call protected APIs. In other words, a simple standalone app is secured by adding an authentication layer allowing users to sign-in with their Work and school accounts, and as a result it can make web API calls to protected resources on behalf of the signed-in user.

Reviewer: Since this is _not_ the vanilla MSAL (Microsoft.Identity.Client), we probably need to clarify this somehow.

   dotnet workload install wasm-tools
   ```

>    :link: For more information, please take a look [.NET WebAssembly build tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/tooling?view=aspnetcore-8.0&pivots=linux#net-webassembly-build-tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :link: For more information, please take a look [.NET WebAssembly build tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/blazor/tooling?view=aspnetcore-8.0&pivots=linux#net-webassembly-build-tools)
```

   dotnet run
   ```

### 2. Sign in and sign out the web app

1. Once the web app is listening, navigate to `https://localhost:5001` and enter your credentials. We recommend using a private browser window to avoid conflicts with your current session.

![A screenshot of an ASP.NET Core 8.0 Blazor WebAssembly application displaying a response from Microsoft Graph.](./media/app-signedin.png)

> 1. Select Logout to sign-out, you can now close the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select Logout to sign-out. Once signed out, you can close the browser.
```
